IANA and reference updates (#171)
ietf-wg-asdf/SDF: sdf.md

Repository:
:  combining the symbol values from the {{senml-units (SenML
   Units)<IANA.senml}} registry and the {{secondary-units (Secondary
   Units)<IANA.senml}} registry in {{-units}} as specified by {{Sections
   4.5.1 and 12.1 of -senml}} and {{Section 3 of -senml-units-2}},
   respectively (which by the registration policy are guaranteed to be
   non-overlapping).

Index value:
: Percent-encoding ({{Section 2.1 of RFC3986@-uri}}) is required of
  any characters in unit names as required by ABNF rule "pchar" in
  {{Section 3.3 of RFC3986@-uri}}, specifically at the time of writing for the
  unit names "%" (deprecated in favor of "/"), "%RH", "%EL".

Registries
----------

IANA is requested to create an "SDF Parameters" registry group, with the
registries defined in this Section.

### Quality Names {#qn}

> IANA is requested to create a "Quality Name Prefixes" registry in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IANA is requested to create a "Quality Names" registry in
```

the "SDF Parameters" registry group, with the following template:

Name:

> : A name composed of ASCII letters, digits, and dollar signs, starting

Reviewer: Maybe "quality name" instead of just "name" to make it clear? Or even "The name of the quality"? No strong opinion here though.
```suggestion
: A quality name composed of ASCII letters, digits, and dollar signs, starting
```

  with a lower case ASCII letter or a dollar sign (i.e., using a
  pattern of "⁠`[a-z$][A-Za-z$0-9]*`").

Brief Description:
: A brief description.

Reference:
: A pointer to a specification.

Change Controller:
: (see {{Section 2.3 of RFC8126@-reg}})

Quality Names in this registry are intended to be registered in
conjunction with RFCs and activities of the IETF.

The registration policy is Specification Required as per {{Section 4.6
of RFC8126@-reg}}.
(Note that the policy is not "RFC Required" or "IETF Review" {{Sections
4.7 and 4.8 of RFC8126@-reg}} so that registrations can be made earlier
in the process, even earlier than foreseen in {{BCP100}}.)

The instructions to the Experts are:
* to ascertain that the specification is available in an immutable
  reference and has achieved a good level of review in conjunction with
  RFCs or activities of the IETF, and
* to be frugal in the allocation of quality names that are suggestive
  of generally applicable semantics, keeping them in reserve for
  qualities that are likely to enjoy wide use and can make good use of
  their conciseness.

> The "Quality Name Prefixes" registry starts out as in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Quality Names" registry starts out as in
```

| sdfInputData         | input data to an action                                           |
| sdfOutputData        | output data of an action or event (sdfRequired applies here)      |
| sdfRef               | sdf-pointer to definition being referenced                        |
| sdfRequired          | pointer-list to declarations of required components               |
| sdfRequiredInputData | pointer-list to declarations of required input data for an action |
| sdfType              | more detailed information about the type of a string              |
| type                 | general category of data type                                     |
| uniqueItems          | boolean: do the items of the array need to be all different?      |
| unit                 | engineering unit and scale (per SenML registry)                   |
| writable             | boolean: can the item be written to?                              |
{: #tab-quality-names title="Initial Content of Quality Names Registry"}

### Quality Name Prefixes {#qnp}

IANA is requested to create a "Quality Name Prefixes" registry in
the "SDF Parameters" registry group, with the following template:

Prefix:

> : A name composed of lower case ASCII letters and digits, starting

Reviewer: If the description suggestion above for quality name is adopted, should update also here.
